a big one probably happening here see
snakes have one specialized elongated
lung which means they can stay
underwater for over two hours but
because their air-breathing reptiles
they still need to come to the surface
to breathe yellow sea Krait it's not
dangerous the people there's
really no Socrative there's no getting
away from the practice so it does have a
ferocious venom if it could get a decent
bite on you it'll be welfare
catching a snake underwater is very
different to on land I'm clumsy and
cumbersome in all this diet and need to
make very sure I handle it gently and
don't let it feel to restrain
the yoga secret that's beautiful they
were at all aggressive to us
we're very incredibly toxic venomous
fish killers for that reason they're
going on the deadly 60